hey guys me prev sheer I'm be showing
guys a new money glitch after patch 1.07
that just came out that I just found out
about um I guess you could go out of
money glitch or money-making method
whatever you want to call it it's up to
you guys but I just put glitch in the
title because yeah I feel this is kind
of a glitch but yeah first step of this
kind of two steps cycle process or
whatever you want to call it is to buy
this BF dune buggy from the southern san
andreas website the second like done
like one of the nine it's not as used as
the legendary motorsport website but
just go to the bottom one website on
travel and transport and by the BF dune
buggy and make sure it is delivered to
your garage once it is delivered to your
garage don't pick it up just call your
mechanic and let him drive it to you and
then once you are in it just go to Los
Santos customs as you guys are seeing me
do right now there should be three
options you should be able to put
insurance on it if you really wanted to
but just go down to the still option as
you guys will see me do right now I'm
just going on the cell and you will be
able to sell for 39 thousand dollars
yeah it's a little bit odd you can buy
the car for 20k but you can sell for 39
k so you're basically making a 19 k
profit every time you sell it and that's
like 19 k every five minutes as I'll
show you this step 2 since you can't
call your mechanic you have to call your
mechanically every five minutes and
that's like a limit but um here's the
second step are you gonna do is go to
the website and buy it again make sure
just deliver to your garage once again
and while you are waiting for the time
period to be up for your mechanic to be
called again just go and pick it up
Edgar eyes and bring it back to Los
Santos customs so you're basically using
the time that the mechanic takes to
recharge like to use them again to go
get another BF dune buggy insult once
again but yeah basically that's about it
all you're going to do is bring it back
to santos customs and sell it again and
you basically get about like
30-something k off this each time you do
one cycle so yeah that's quite a lot
it's like 400 500 k every one hour so
like that but yeah it's a fastest money
glitch after patch 1.07 that i found so
far but if i found another one i will be
posting that very soon if I do find
another one um but yeah as you guys can
see just bring tell us in
customs and go down to sell and yeah you
can keep selling it over and over you
don't have to wait a full 24 hours
anymore um but yeah just repeat this
cycle over and over again you guys
should have a lot of money in a couple
of hours you should be able to buy like
mostly everything in the game but um
beware don't hold too much money at one
time even though not many people are
getting banned at the moment they used
to be getting banned but they're not
working hard as much to ban people since
people are just finding new glitches
over and over again at the moment but
yeah that's about it hopefully you guys
have enjoyed please like rate comment
subscribe if you guys have enjoyed or
this helped you out at all ya think i
was watching hopefully guys i've enjoyed
now see you guys next video peace